in this video I am going to discuss why
it is important to time your kombucha
especially for weight loss okay so if
you're interested in drinking kombucha
to help with your weight loss there are
a few tips that you can use to ensure
success tip number one is and again both
of these tips listen to your body so
experiment and actually I would love
post a comment email me contact me right
on Facebook let me know how they work
for you
tip number one is when you're going to
consume kombucha consume it before your
meal be like five to ten minutes before
your meal on the first thing that will
do is if you're suffering from Candida
or anything like that
even though kombucha is fermented and as
you ferment the kombucha this sugar gets
converted into all these awesome organic
acids small amount of alcohol and acetic
acid there still remains a little bit of
sugar left actually more specifically
fructose left okay
now weight loss ranges but let's say
anywhere from 3 grams to 7 grams if to
give you a general rule of thumb weigh
less than a soda weigh less than orange
juice or anything like that which is by
the way one of the reasons in my opinion
why people have experienced so much
weight loss drinking kombucha is simply
the fact that they're replacing it with
you know they're replacing for their
soda you know their daily soda every day
becomes your daily bottle of kombucha
tea also kombucha isn't that a stringent
tardi taste that we similarly our taste
buds are happy getting from that versus
alcohol or coffee alright so um if you
drink it on an empty stomach your body
will be able to process it and kind of
kind of get it quicker before it's
inundated with food and other stuff okay
so it's also very good another little
tip is that if you're incorporating
kombucha for Candida also consume
kombucha on an empty stomach the second
tip is rather than have a lot of it at
once have it throughout the day
alright so instead of drinking a 8 ounce
or 16 ounce bottle before your meal try
to have 4
bounces before every single meal that is
how to lose weight with kombucha master
secret super duper tip and stay tuned
for more kombucha benefit videos
you